update install doc for openshift (#923)
Kuadrant/kuadrant-operator: doc/install/install-openshift.md

## Prerequisites

- OpenShift Container Platform 4.16.x or later with community Operator catalog available.
- AWS/Azure or GCP with DNS capabilities.
- Accessible Redis instance.

## Procedure

### Step 1 - Set up your environment

> We use env vars for convenience only here. If you know these values you can setup the required yaml files in anyway that suites your needs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We use environment variables here purely for convenience. If you already know these values, feel free to configure the necessary YAML files in whatever way suits your needs best.
```

After some time, this command should return `complete`.

#### Redis credentials for storage of rate limiting counters

> In this installation we will show how to configure ratelimiting counters to be stored in redis. Before we go further we need to setup a redis secret to use later:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this guide, we'll demonstrate how to configure rate-limiting counters to be stored in Redis. Before proceeding, we need to set up a Redis secret for later use:
```

```bash
kubectl -n kuadrant-system create secret generic redis-config \
  --from-literal=URL=$REDIS_URL
```

#### Set up a DNSProvider

The example here is for AWS Route 53. It is important the secret for the DNSProvider is setup in the same namespace as the gateway.

```bash
kubectl create ns ingress-gateway
```

```bash
kubectl -n ingress-gateway create secret generic aws-credentials \
  --type=kuadrant.io/aws \
  --from-literal=AWS_ACCESS_KEY_ID=$AWS_ACCESS_KEY_ID \
  --from-literal=AWS_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY=$AWS_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY
```

> For more details on other providers take a look at [DNS Providers](https://github.com/Kuadrant/dns-operator/blob/main/docs/provider.md)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more details on other providers take a look at [DNS Providers](dns-operator/blob/main/docs/provider.md)
```

should expand to the right link  (in docs, rather than booting them out to GH)

Author: hmm yeah but then if you come across this in GH the link wont work right?

Author: maybe we add that to docs.kuadrant.io first

Reviewer: > maybe we add that to docs.kuadrant.io first

that makes sense yeah

kubectl wait kuadrant/kuadrant --for="condition=Ready=true" -n kuadrant-system --timeout=300s
```

This will setup and configure a number of Kuadrant subcomponents. Some of these can also take additional configuration:

- Authorino (Enforcement Component for AuthPolicy)
  - Learn More: (Authorino CRD)[https://docs.kuadrant.io/0.11.0/authorino-operator/#the-authorino-custom-resource-definition-crd]
- Limitador (Enforcement Component for RateLimitPolicy)

>   - Learn More:(Limitador CRD)[https://docs.kuadrant.io/0.11.0/limitador-operator/#features]

Reviewer: for stable links, might be better to link to:

https://docs.kuadrant.io/latest/authorino-operator/#the-authorino-custom-resource-definition-crd
https://docs.kuadrant.io/latest/limitador-operator/#features

- DNS Operator (Enforcement Component for DNSPOlicy)

### Configuring Redis Storage for Limitador

> To configure redis storage for Limatador, we must update the Limitador custom resource to use the secret we created:

Reviewer: perhaps:

```bash
# Patch the Limitador resource, setting configSecretRef to the Redis secret (storing the URL for Redis)
kubectl patch limitador limitador --type=merge -n kuadrant-system -p '
spec:
  storage:
    redis:
      configSecretRef:
        name: redis-config
'
```
